so ready to talk about it No
now No
okay we'll talk about something else
who's the father
oh look hey you know what I haven't told
him yet so until they do I don't think I
should tell anybody else yeah that's
fine that's fair
is it tag off baby okay I'm sorry I'll
stop okay is it Ross it's Ross isn't it
oh my god it's Joan hi stop it okay I'm
not gonna tell you until I tell him
uh-huh
nice we know it's a him can you believe
Phoebe got pregnant oh you know what
honey let's not talk about that right
now this is so huge sure but the come on
as big as your wedding of course not
nothing is between me and you yeah in
this day and age how dumb you have to be
to get pregnant hey you know sometimes
you can do everything right everyone can
wear everything they're supposed to wear
and one of those little guys just gets
through how I don't know maybe they have
tools well I talked to her and she's
definitely gonna have this baby you know
she said she's gonna raise it on her own
well maybe that's maybe that's really
brave maybe I just hope she realizes how
hard it's gonna be
maybe she hasn't really thought it
through that much obvious a lot to think
about
I mean how she I was she gonna handle
this financially how is she gonna juggle
work how I she realize she's not gonna
have a date again for the next like 18
years I don't know are you okay mmm-hmm
I'm just thinking about Phoebe bored
knocked up CD champagne oh yes thank you
very much
that's actually how the French drinking
well just got off the phone with my
lover James Brolin oh really yes and
apparently he is married to some singer
but he said he would leave her for me
and I said James James Brolin are you
sure James Brolin said Rachel's really
the one who's pregnant what how do you
feel I don't know I don't know how I
feel this is all happening so fast if to
make all these decisions that I don't
want to make so I just take it away from
me calm down maybe they're not pregnant
what when I got pregnant with the
triplets I took that test like three
times just to make sure yes maybe it's a
false positive are you sure you peed on
the stick right how many ways are there
to do that
I'm just saying don't freak out until
you're a hundred percent sure alright
now I'll take it again when I get home
you got to take it now I'll do it as a
present to me okay thank you okay all
right now tin get you in oh great oh
wait a minute who's the father
oh no she won't tell us come on it's my
wedding that could be my present wait
honey I just gave you peeing on a stick
see this is why you registered Oh gonna
be upset over something I never act it's
negative
no it's positive it's it's not negative
it's positive well yeah I lied before
now you know how you really feel about
it
are you really gonna do this yeah I'm a
baby I'm gonna have a baby
[Applause]
[Music]